They have probably become very fast friends.
This is the 26th day of the hearings and there is the gavill opening the session.
Beginning of the session this morning, the chair would like to again welcome the guest who has come to our committee room.
We are glad to have you here. We went to the know now of our committee ruling for these hearings if you have not already been surprised of us.
The committee has or yet but there will be no manifestations audibly of approval or just approval of any time, at any time during these hearings.
The uniform officers before you and the plane closements gathered among you have a standing order from the committee to remove from the committee room immediately, politely but firmly.
Anybody who has always been best known to himself elect to violate the terms under which you entered the committee room, namely to completely refrain some audible manifestations of approval of this approval.
Our audiences have done virtually 100% 30% cooperative and we expect and hope to tell a continue.
Many have asked about the executive committee meeting which we had this morning.
One motion was made in charge.
The effect of the transcript of the executive committee meeting of May 17 is to be typed and copied and delivered to each of the members of the committee and each of the principles and outcomes which end of the meeting today.
The chairman of the committee is the chairman of the committee which virtually means the people who were in attendance at the meeting of May 17.
The chairman has asked the reporter in view of the action of the committee to write across the top of those hearings which are for the distribution of the people mentioned.
The confidential executive committee seconds not for attribution or publication.
Those who receive it will receive it with that understanding.
We had just concluded yesterday going around another whole of questions and Mr. Welch has concluded a 10 minutes period so Mr. Jenkins we will start with you to have any further questions at this time.
Mr. Coney has yet to be in the ass to prepare and bring to this room and tie with the committee.
All documents, data, memorandum, papers, prepared by David Cheyne, such the good to his induction in the Army of November 31.
Are you prepared to now be so missed call?
I pledge you have been advised Mr. Jenkins last night there was a meeting between attended by Senator McCrathy, Senator McClellan, Mr. Kennedy, the minority council, Mr. Ponsour, a gyrosis and myself that which we spent some time going over various of the materials prepared by Dave Cheyne and Flaurplor by your direction to produce back on Thursday or Friday.
The old question is to confidential informants and government employees who had furnished information came up and at that time it was decided but Mr. Cheyne would come over to the building this morning and go over these files and give us the benefit of his recollection and believe in so far as the various people who had furnished information might be concerned.
Mr. Cheyne is here and is at this very time going over various of these files and papers and according to the situation reached up to the meeting last night.
Mr. Cogris has seen me along that line and we understand.
Mr. Cogris, the members of this committee are anxious to have that information and I'm sure no one might be interested in talking to the evidence that works best of Mr. Cheyne's subsequent duties in the Army.
Do you think that information will be available to this committee?
I don't know Mr. Cogris, it will be available just as soon as everybody can agree what you're going to go in.
I have already testified with Mr. Cogris, I believe that as far as documentary work is concerned, the bulk of it for the report, the pre-interim report, and the certain sections of the annual report which I've already furnished to Mr. Welk.
Although he did not keep draft, there are some notes from him that Mr. Cheyne's writing which are definitely available to Mr. Welk to the committee and to everybody.
And those will be a more clear material. There is also a booklet with the head of the time that he was standing by when he was standing in the name of Mr. Cheyne in some cases telephone numbers and address and information on that.
There are names of people who are confidential and informed in this committee and I think everybody has agreed that those names and phone numbers and addresses and information should not be made public.
But a good deal of private touch and information I think everybody working on it is working as expeditiously as a human being, but the most considering the fact that we're all up here, touchifying and otherwise occupied during the day.
And did you work on it last night? It's calm. Yes, sir. We met Mr. Prudence of my family. Yes, he did.
You say Senator McCartney and Senator McCullen were likewise saying it.
Mr. Kennedy, get the rest. Now Mr. Polman, I'm sure that we understand your position. You get a board stated.
How more than one occasion. That's a part of the work that was done by Cheyne subsequent to his induction in the Army on the word of the third is to protect him from doctors.
A part of it is not expected. That's for right. That's right. Now what we want is that part of his work.
I think it's conducted in the Army. This is reflected by doctors and then a police informed and just as quickly and as expeditiously as you can be told,
I can jump in with the assistance of members of your staff, that information will be forthcoming about here to this room and presented to this committee.
Yes, sir. Now Mr. Jackson, do I understand I think we leave the directions of the both.
The material prepared by Mr. Cheyne when he will quit the committee and between July and the time of his induction into the Army.
The principal interest of the committee as I understand it is the work that was done by Mr. Cheyne during his years of leaves of practices, both we say,
how they're leaking in short all work that was done by Cheyne subsequent to his induction in the Army.
Yes, that is the principal form of industry. I might have forget about the work he did when he was with the committee and during that July and November period before he went in which he was doing the work.
Yes, sir. If I was talking about the work that was done by Cheyne, I would have been very happy to see you again.
Yes, sir.
I'm asking him to bring you all documentary evidence of all the works that Mr. Cheyne did while serving as a member of the committee.
Or whether it is any of the reasons the documentation of the work that he did last year he did the work that he did in the Army.
I'm going to share them their two classes.
They are documents, reporting, or what I was called the work product of private time, after his induction and while his fort did.
Then there is a second work product that is almost equally interesting, which covers the period after which it was known to Mr. Colton and Mr. Cheyne that he would be inducted.
That is to say I take it from about July 1 until it is inducted.
And that is of course a critical period.
And I'm interested to see his work product.
So that's my...
I have no idea what that is.
I was like separate it so you could see one pile and look at that and another pile.
Very well.
Now there is a committee member who has anything else.
Well that's the Adi-Sythian Carbine, who is different groupings of the case of this.
I was like, my name is A.L.
I was like, my name is Anishar.
I was like, well in the beginning to insist that I see anything in the piles of this committee that I want to see.
I was like, what does the shine that it didn't do, what work he could do, I don't know.
But certainly, let's get going.
The Missouri understanding to request this for him to produce.
So that's the committee can see it.
And whatever he says he does, and brings in years.
Where is he?
That he did it.
That's comfortable, but it is.
That's what I love.
Now I was trying to determine if anybody would not say one of the three groupings or two.
The very two people have been all of the works described as shine.
And James B.J. this time has done as the number 5 commission.
Mr. Wells says that for his purpose, his use can have his Egypt one groupings.
He works documented that he did between July 1 and November 3rd at the beginning.
And the work done between November 3rd and up to the present time.
Has any of the committee ever wanted to be a chairman?
I've said that he's got to be an order to get the complete picture.
In as much as he was on the committee from one January or February 1st, I've seen all of these.
And why we should not have it for all preachers.
Because I made that because they're trying together.
I believe there's testimony in the record that he worked on the voice of America,
the information, closely, and the layback to January.
We're going to find ourselves reflecting all three areas.
And at some, I mean, material from all preachers and I,
the light is the gift of the entire curious recovery.
It's not long.
It's only from February through the period of January.
Of the Charminada, of the Dr. Phil,
the famous bachelor's person of the rich here,
is what was he dealed as he got him on.
Now that is pertinent.
That on the seven, whether it's to give some indication
of the fact that he's actually on the committee business.
Or whether he's on some other business.
And that is what our environmentalists are in the end.
And that will be sure to be for the committee in the past,
for the material as I do, for the final conclusion that this committee is.
Well, cherry trees, we're under some art and sob,
and you're trying to provide the information
that the various members of the committee or the council might want.
I was hoping to be able to put into two things.
But I'd go into the files and getting it in my book.
It's time to get to one of the material.
And the very data.
But it's time to join the committee up in Gilles.
July 1, with the customer doping.
It's night to fire a little more time.
The committee's chair has no good conditions to keep out of the record.
Anything that's there.
Any members of the committee want to make connections.
Well, we'll provide all of them very well.
We'll have three doping terms I understand.
We'll get to it.
They say all of them are fallen and say,
they're trying to find the time.
Where do we stay and all the money that's called the police?
We stand on the place that we hope to get to them
doing the trick-of-use communication this morning.
But as the sender of the McGill, I didn't say we're not mentioned at any time.
Duke is the fact that he had other motions before it to the police.
And what a plan is the fact that at this time,
plan is to have another executive committee meeting whenever we can
to go into the committee.
Well, Mr. Cameron, I'd like to respectfully say that it seems to me that we have some of those.
Well, well, well, please proceed.
We are in a process of implementation.
Now, the statement is here.
For some time, we've now we've asked them here
if these might have some conversations,
might well have something to do with.
And expedite finding of the basic charge which is time to seem to me
and we get far to feel from.
At least, right, people have mentioned my monitor call in the hearing.
And I think that in order to be fair to all people,
the monitor call to be released and released properly.
Otherwise, I do not think that I may very respectfully say that it is fair
that this situation is being handled properly.
If you know this, we've been now,
whether it's monitor call, the shine, memorandre, or whatever it is,
we now spend a lot of time to be sharing with the chairman
and to exercise the charge we spent a very much while we've been there
and trying to get for submitted members
in the nation of the committee.
Mr. Dingy, with the call I want to make,
I want to discuss who said this we got.
Number one, have a nice bringing to deliver to me today.
I'm getting forward to the terms and the conditions under which you knew
and Senator McCarthy agrees with these monitor telephone calls
may be for these to go.
The intercession memorandum I get yesterday is correct.
The intercession of the one gets to be because the Zionist city gets to be
in a conference between you and a member of my side.
It was decided by you that that letter was not complete
and that you desired to elaborate upon it and to expand upon it
and to set forth specifically the terms and conditions
under which it was this agreeable, the news side of this controversy
for the monitor telephone calls may be introduced as evidence.
Now then, I've been a fan of the air about the anti-chimit air.
I'm now at the city here, I mean, such a definite letter today.
I mean, you do that.
Surely so now the position is the same as it always has
and we will consent to all of the calls going in.
Do you want families to come to state publicly?
Thought your position is with reference to the monitor telephone calls
because I as well as all the members of the committee are receiving
numerous inquiries from the members of the place.
So he expected that stuff.
So if I say the memorandum, the check is by the two things.
Number one, I list its none-runnered phone club which had never been supplied
by Mr. Stevenson, Mr. Adams, that it's committee which I believe
exists and I'm making this a decision.
I will call it as many as I can recall the specific date.
I listed a number of them.
I gave a specific date and name for people between whom the conversation took place.
Number two, my position is just to send them across these states
and other members of the committee to very first date.
The phone will call to be made available.
They're accurate.
They should call to it.
And I will be very grateful to give you a letter
to the court of the day and body management.
I'm your love letter, executive name, now, particularly.
Is it calls to which you have reference?
Yes, sir.
For there is, it is composed by the committee.
They come under the presidential banner, who is a position not being known.
And as we make important to matter and know, specifically,
the terms and conditions under which it is needed for those calls to be produced
is evidently.
Yes, I'll be very grateful and we will give you the letter.
That will be for coming to date.
Yes, sir.
One other statement, choice, which is perhaps not a question.
And it is done for the purpose of clarification and pinpointing
this particular area of inquiry.
You are now requested to call by the committee.
With respect to these, the documents later,
the members have written evidence to work them to shine the pretty slight information
to us in just like the case.
Yes, sir.
Inspecaly, in the other, number one, the work plan has reflected the documents.
And we are explaining the position of not all of these workings,
reflected the documentary actions.
Not all of the work of anyone.
That's right.
Obviously, that means the part is not where it is concerned.
Number one, all of the work done by Mr. Shion is reflected by anything on paper.
Yes, sir.
From the tiny chain with a democratic committee,
until approximately the first in July when it was known that he would become
and he's not seen in the audience.
Number two, the same character of evidence,
reflecting the work done to shine from the first in July
approximately that base in the wind of fire.
Number three, the same character of evidence reflecting the work done by him,
the subsequent in November that is not working on that.
We are sure we have everything that is still working on.
We just last night and they're working on it right now.
And when that is ready, you will notice five meters of chairman or the members of this committee.
Yes, sir.
That's all I can add.
That's the thing that you have to send me to the comments.
I'd like to ask some two senators a matter of five.
I would like to be taken out of the time of each member of the committee.
I would like to be there to claim that the poem about his position will be,
whether he will object to other members of the committee who have one of his calls
to place them in the record under the rules.
So, one, in other words, let's be frank, but I'm doing it just as mine going to record.
Will I inject it?
Yes, sir.
No objection.
I'll have to go in and open the window to get the man of the other flag.
And if any other member of the committee insists upon his telephone calls to the monogamous
coming public evidence, you will not object to that list of poems.
Not my right or a product, so it's exactly what sir.
And I can certainly wait for you.
Exactly.
So, exactly.
So, whether in the evening is reached with respect to this,
always participation of calls or not.
Is that right?
That's not my business.
I can certainly not object to our problem.
So, I would like to welcome you to the very thing I have to do.
I think that is very important point of order here.
I think that when I was very well found the strategy of waiting in the chair of the committee,
as everybody was smoking the implications of being in the middle of itself a total draw.
Some of these audiences are not even realizing of the chair's birthday.
Once the floor and one floor was sunk and something shared about the...
to consider professional material made of the back of the chair.
And I'd like to know if it was a chair.
That's the one point of order I would not have never go over with.
It's just too much.
Yeah, and I believe that was the first time and I have probably just been the last time the guy named Noel Debra,
he was into a censor.
They couldn't have been able to replace him and do it.
Thank you.
The other thing that I would like to say is that,
as you can see with the monitor, it's a telephone call.
I'd like to take a picture of the chair.
I think it's taking the chair.
In the back there, they'll take a picture of the chair and this has signed and filed all of those things.
But it's entirely correct.
It's a very important point of order.
There's been five round care.
They really know that the pollackers are sharing their guys next ten minutes.
кахam yesterday with him.
That's really, very important part between General Washington and Anderson Adams while son of FBI,
and the first place we have never yet received in a sense from the senator and the colon covering this precise situation.
Next, I think that is the answer of another question, was that if the existing calls by the delivery to the council will,
then it's a matter of whether they're going to go in or not, nobody knows the answer to that.
There's not only the reason that's passed, you've received my repeated request, but there's a little problem.
In those instances where they were telephone calls, obviously involving natural security or obviously falling within President Eisenhower's order, those have not been submitted.
Well, there's one simple question that I know you know, the other one, if you're a few, answer if you want to.
There were very important calls, and as long as they didn't matter, we can never find any questions right now because of this.
It's all like the comments. I just was like, no, probably they have the delivery to Mr. Johnson or not, if they've not, for you to tell us.
The answer that's chairman is in the negative, because Mr. Jenkins and I both understand, though it's the fault that he has the presidential direction.
Mr. Jenkins, the very late in starting this morning, I think she was passing 10 minutes to get out with the unirritated driver,
would like to submit a part of the kind of hearings.
The letter he received, Mr. Sue tends to run the date of May 31st, and my reply is in June 2nd, both of which is already in session this morning,
but he thinks they should be part of the company during the without objections of the entity, the civics and market court.
Other than that, the chair was just like that. One follow-up question, the right-wing guest in Mr. Cormon, we've thrown out a signed entity,
and we'll then pass the rest of this time to this round of questions.
The chair I asked him questions about your financial relationships, give any, as a long term, as a member of a law firm,
I would tell you the sign, as you would see, they'd decide, and you would end up with some detail answering those in the negative.
I should have asked you one follow-up question, but time does not permit.
As any member of your firm, not connected with the sign, or not connected with your law firm, any member of your firm,
has any financial transactions with any of the signings.
No, sir, you're sure of that? Yes, sir.
Send him a call.
Let the phone appear before again, do you?
Document of charges.
I believe.
Yesterday, we had concluded, we'll number six.
So I'll point out number seven at this time, and I shall not read it.
But it refers to a misfit, true pencil.
I shall not read it, and comment upon it.
Other, but the cause, misguided by a majority hold of this committee, and over my process, has been dismissed as a principle from these proceedings.
When that's a term and the letter, which you have left based in the record, I wish to make some comment about it.
You may do so, sir.
I protested vigorously against the action of the committee at the time at this list, with the answer as one of the principles to this committee.
There's counsel, however, which, but, and insisted that the committee take the action that it's there.
Infesting as I understood him by the age of four, or four or three by this committee would be accepted by Mr. Hempsel as complete vindication, yet the charges was dismissed under the second sentence.
I want to say, Mr. Chairman, the fact that Mr. Hempsel now comes back here and asks some further consideration of this committee, does his thumb with very good grace to meet?
The accepted that action is counsel insisted upon it.
I thought it was unfair to him at the time. I tried to prevent it.
I'm not making this statement.
It's definitely precluding a fuzzy consideration of Mr. Hempsel's request, but it's the cause of that action, Mr. Chairman, that was taken, and the cause of Mr. Hempsel's consented to it, and not only considered, but two years of any urge that it be done,
that I now shall not question the witnesses, this witness, or any others regarding Mr. Hempsel, come up and the charges against him.
So he accepted his complete vindication, is not complete vindication to me, but these charges, if they are speaking well, come in.
So they'll have to remain so because of his action, and the action of his counsel, and not because this, and if it consented to it, or act guilty of it.
It's not my time, Mr. Chairman.
Oh, you are not getting it time to carry it, because you have not reached a long change of course, since it would like to stay.
At any time, Mr. Hempsel, he said he could well sympathize with his desire to have the record cleared concerning the charges about his world war coups and actual activities.
And I respectfully suggest to the him that Mr. Hempsel's desire to have the house to meet the young government operations, or the Senate Armed Services Committee, to hear that particular phase of the case, because nothing to do with the institution.
The Canada and the other people that he desire to have the different governments for him, to clarify the area, sorry, those charges, if they are speaking.
Mr. Chairman, I want to say a big part of this.
I want to say a big part of this.
The reason is, in the Hempsel case, Mr. Hempsel's sanctions might be rightly so, advised the chair that, while the gentle matter could be brought him to the standpoint of the model, it could be shown as we were investigating him, whether or not he knew the investigation was going on, but that in this particular form, we could not try out all the issues in the Hempsel case.
I agree with Mr. Hempsel's in the House of the Chair, I then felt that because of the consular and the front-manageral order, which Mr. Hempsel from telling anything about what he had to do with other individuals, the executives.
So, when we couldn't get to the truth of that particular matter, however, I think that some of the numbers have made a good point here, and that is that the Hempsel matter should not be left paying in the air.
The charges have to do not merely with World War II activities, but activities last year in Europe.
So, at the present time, I believe it is all intent and purpose in charge, my saying, charge, maybe not technically so, but actually in charge of contracts being led over in Europe for the proper term, rather pie.
A lot of them out of the thing investigated, so I think some of the refining of me to point very well that this should not be left hanging in the air.
Obviously, Mr. Hempsel would not be thought of as having me set a chairman of a committee investigating those charges, and rightly so, I think that we shouldn't.
The Secretary fires that case to another committee, or the alternative would be to find a completely impartial individual on our committee, and assign him the unpleasant path of handling this investigation.
I have a mind-worn individual who certainly is from the parts of this matter.
What I have a mind-doing is calling a meeting of the committee at the earliest moment that is right in the investigation of the committee and asking the permission of the committee to assign him.
The time is responding to the job being one man committee to file and investigate these charges. I'm sure we'll get a fair investigation.
I know it'll be an unpleasant duty, but I have a member of this committee. I'm sure he will not.
Sure, perhaps, have a given as a fine to him.
Senator McCullen? Yes.
Those are all my fellow members.
Much as I appreciate the status of the councilman to meet you and to leave investigation of Mr. Hempsel in an impartial manner, I do appreciate it.
Nevertheless, I feel for two reasons that it would be wrong. The first is that Mr. Hempsel works for the administration, and I am a member of the minority party.
The second is that I think that in a matter of this seriousness, no one man should be a judge.
I'd like to take this opportunity and as much as I believe one of the greatest changes to America is character of that nation.
The emphasis lies that I have nothing in the world against Mr. Hempsel and that I know nothing whatever that he has ever done wrong.
Under all the circumstances, however, I do not believe it will be right to the one member of the minority party to investigate these serious charges.
Senator McCullen?
I'm sure it suggested that the anymore yielding is then you have to come out of the center to find or move you down almost that to get on now with the work.
I felt that more Mr. Hempsel has done dismisses the principal of the case, and there would be no questions concerning him because there would be here all of us.